Bathchat is for the people
==========================

1. Social and its consequences have been a disaster for the people.
They have greatly increased the interconnectedness and education-level
of those of us who live in "universities," but they have crippled
communication practices, have made life unfulfilling, have subjected
human beings to indignities, and have led to widespread psychological
suffering (in the Suburbs to physical suffering as well) and have
inflicted sever damage on analog social networks. The continued
development of Social will worsen the situation. It will certainly
subject human beings to greater indignities and inflict greater damage
on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater government
disruption and psychological suffering, and it may lead to increased
psychological suffering even in "universities."

2. Social may survive or it may break down. If it survives, it MAY
eventually achieve a low level of physical and psychological
suffering, but only after passing through a long and very painful
period of adjustment and only at the cost of permanently reducing
human beings and many other living organisms to engineering products
and mere cogs in the Social machine. Furthermore, if Social survives,
the consequences will be inevitable: There is no way of reforming of
modifying the system so as to prevent it from depriving people of
dignity and autonomy.

3. If the system breaks down the consequences will still be very
painful. But the bigger the system grows the more disastrous the
results of its breakdown will be, so if it is to break down it had
best break down sooner rather than later.

4. We therefore advocate a revolution against Social. This revolution
may or may not make use of violence: it may be sudden or it may be a
relatively gradual process spanning a few decades. We can't predict
any of that. This is not to be a POLITICAL revolution. Its objects
will be to overthrow not governments but the economic and
technological basis of the present society.

5. Bathchat is for the people.
